## Welcome to the IS Library & Media Preservation Lab!

The IS Library & Media Preservation Lab is a hub of activity supporting the research, instruction, projects, and professional development of students, faculty, and staff in the Department of Information Studies. The adjoining spaces have been used for individual and group study, instructional workshops, classes, projects, presentations, screenings, social gatherings, and events hosted by student organizations.

The IS Library houses a selective print collection and provides access to instructional resources, technologies, and software programs that support the IS curriculum. Subjects of the print collection are varied, with a particular focus on critical information theory and research methodologies. Our collection development policy mirrors the curricula of the IS Department’s MLIS, PhD, and Post-Master’s certificate programs. The Library's main print collection, including course reserves, is presently non-circulating and may be used on site. In addition to the main print collection, the IS Library offers a wide variety of serial publications, magazines, and academic journals related to the information professions. Titles from the collection of children’s literature, including recent and award-winning works, may be borrowed upon request.

The IS Library & Media Preservation Lab is staffed by academic librarians and students in the Information Studies programs. It is maintained by the IS Department for the academic use of the entire UCLA community, including all SE&IS students.

The IS Media Preservation Lab is available for IS student use for individual and group work. There is a full video rack, audio rack, film scanner, film inspection and splicing stations, digital forensics station, and more. Below, there is a general introduction to the tools and documentation to use in the Lab. To get started, simply click on one of the links or navigate to the [Documentation](documentation) folder on GitHub.
